Add docs for `Tabs` (#282)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user_guides/layouts.md

| `layout=Layout(grid=[[0,3],[1,3],[2,3]])`                  | three_left_one_right   | <img src="../../../assets/user_guides/layout/three_left_one_right.png" width="400"/> |
| `layout=Layout(grid=[[0,0,0],[1,2,3]])`                    | one_top_three_bottom   | <img src="../../../assets/user_guides/layout/one_top_three_bottom.png" width="400"/> |
| `layout=Layout(grid=[[0,1,2],[3,3,3]])`                    | three_top_one_bottom   | <img src="../../../assets/user_guides/layout/three_top_one_bottom.png" width="400"/> |

> 

Reviewer: Let's also put this section somewhere more prominent towards to the top of the page I think.

In general, any arbitrarily granular layout can already be achieved using [`Page.layout`](layouts.md) alone and is our
recommended approach if you just want to arrange components on a page with consistent row and/or column spacing.

[`Tabs`][vizro.models.Tabs] and [`Containers`][vizro.models.Container] provide an alternative approach to customize your page layout.

> For example, if you want to have more granular control and want to learn how to break the overall page grid into subgrids, see our user guide on [Containers](container.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to have more granular control and break the overall page grid into subgrids, see our user guide on [Containers](container.md).
```

> If you want to display multiple containers on one page by stacking them on top of each other, and letting the user switch between them, see our user guide on [Tabs](tabs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to display multiple containers on one page by putting them into the same screen space, and letting the user switch between them, see our user guide on [Tabs](tabs.md).
```
